Add Glossary section to Developer Guide (#164)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**Target user profile**:
Purchasing managers who are proficient with typing for small F&B businesses

**Value proposition**:  
This application will help small businesses to manage perishable goods within a single inventory
(no support for multiple inventories).

### User stories
Add Inventory Item:

Delete Inventory Item:

Update inventory items:
1. As a purchasing manager, I can rename my inventory items, so that I can update items with an incorrect name.

> 2. As a purchasing manager, I can set the inventory quantity of my items.
> 3. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date I bought my inventory, so that I know how long I have been keeping certain items.
> 4. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date my inventory will expire, so that I know when certain items need to be consumed or used. 
> 5. As a purchasing manager, I can increase the inventory quantity of my items, so that I can keep my stock updated when I purchase new items.
> 6. As a purchasing manager, I can decrease the inventory quantity of my items.

Reviewer: Let us follow the coding style and use generic numbers. Also, trailing whitespace was added for some reason, probably unintentional.

```suggestion
1. As a purchasing manager, I can set the inventory quantity of my items.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date I bought my inventory, so that I know how long I have been keeping certain items.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date my inventory will expire, so that I know when certain items need to be consumed or used.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can increase the inventory quantity of my items, so that I can keep my stock updated when I purchase new items.
6. As a purchasing manager, I can decrease the inventory quantity of my items.
```

1. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date my inventory will expire, so that I know when certain items need to be consumed or used.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can increase the inventory quantity of my items, so that I can keep my stock updated when I purchase new items.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can decrease the inventory quantity of my items.
2. As a purchasing manager, I can set the inventory quantity of my items.
3. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date I bought my inventory, so that I know how long I have been keeping certain items.
4. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date my inventory will expire, so that I know when certain items need to be consumed or used. 
5. As a purchasing manager, I can increase the inventory quantity of my items, so that I can keep my stock updated when I purchase new items.
6. As a purchasing manager, I can decrease the inventory quantity of my items.

View Inventory Items:

> 

Reviewer: Ditto on coding style violation. Let us separate lists with empty lines.

1. As a purchasing manager, I can view all items in my inventory so that I can have an overview of all items and their details.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can search for items by name, so that I can view a specific item and its associated details
1. As a purchasing manager, I can search for items by tags, so that I can view all items that have the same tag.

Tag Management System

> 

Reviewer: Ditto on coding style violation.

1. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date I bought my inventory, so that I know how long I have been keeping certain items.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can set the date my inventory will expire, so that I know when certain items need to be consumed or used.
1. As a purchasing manager, I can increase the inventory quantity of my items, so that I can keep my stock updated when I purchase new items.

> 6. As a purchasing manager, I can decrease the inventory quantity of my items.

Reviewer: Let's use generic numbers.

```suggestion
1. As a purchasing manager, I can decrease the inventory quantity of my items.
```

1. User selects a criteria to sort the list by
1. The list items are reordered according to the chosen criterion

> *{More to be added}*

Reviewer: Ditto on coding style violation. Let us keep to `_` for italics and `**` for bolded text,

       optimum.

1. Saving window preferences

    1. Resize the window to an optimum size. Move the window to a different location. Close the window.

    1. Re-launch the app by double-clicking the jar file.<br>
       Expected: The most recent window size and location is retained.

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Deleting a person

1. Deleting a person while all persons are being shown

    1. Prerequisites: List all persons using the `list` command. Multiple persons in the list.

    1. Test case: `delete 1`<br>
       Expected: First contact is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message.
       Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

    1. Test case: `delete 0`<br>
       Expected: No person is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    1. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Saving data

1. Dealing with missing/corrupted data files

    1. _{explain how to simulate a missing/corrupted file, and the expected behavior}_

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

> ## Glossary

Reviewer 2: I think some terms that can go in as well based on what is in the DG now can include What do you think?: 

- MSS
- Purchasing managers

Author: Ah, good idea! I'll include more terms that was defined in CS2103's website
